you know hi Peter I haven't heard from
you in a while so I thought I'd give you
a call that's it I love you it's your
mother
life just goes by in a flash I know you
tell me the same thing every ten years
come here a lot
yes no not a lot I mean sometimes what's
your name's Gloria are you asking me out
out out you want more of the sides no a
little bit more than that actual water
I'd be a glass who were a foot I'd be a
sock
[Music]
kick it out of my head
happening with you I thought it was
never gonna happen again
happy birthday sweetheart that's my
ex-husband then what's in any easy
situation really I searched for your
eyes I didn't exist
what is this get away from the car 1 2 3
mentlemen is awesome great her right
respect her
it cost me every five minutes don't pick
it up
[Music]
yeah oh my god honey this guy could die
tomorrow we could all die tomorrow when
the world blows up hope I go down
dancing
[Music]